block placement/removal timers

	removal timing depending on the tool/block combination
	animation for remove

composite entity animations

	complex entities are made up of part which have their own local
	transform that can be animated (like e.g. an arm or head)

font rendering

	with background now being a thing, a padding might be nice
	that or maybe separate bg from fg rendering

	it may also be feasible to get rid of SDL_ttf and use freetype
	directly to eliminate the unneccessary surface creation
	ftgl might also be worth looking at

command line

	usefull for development and later on world administration

persistence

	merge IO counters, so number of operations per frame is kept
	low, no matter what exactly is done

	store some kind of byte order mark?

block asset loading

	parameterization of chunk generator should be less static/dangerous

networking

	write tests
	do some manual testing
	some more testing
	a little optimization

launcher ui

	select or create a world with configurable parameters

entity ai

	pathfinding, chase and roam states

(block) lighting

	occlusion/neighbor light mixing is implemented, but still linear
	this could be solved by using a pre-interpolated light texture and
	mapping light levels to coordinates on that

	also: how could block light affect entity lighting?
	maybe get the interpolated light level at the entity's center and use
	that as the light power for the directional lighting shader and use a
	direction that's fixed relative to the camera?

	there's a bug where a chunk's model is not updated if its neighbor
	changes border light levels
	I kinda mitigated it a little for direct neighbors during linking, but
	it still can happen in (hopefully) rare corner cases

	propagation through semi-filled blocks is wonky. I worked around it by
	having the light propagate into solid blocks, but feels like this
	could cause some weird behaviours

gravity

	maybe like light levels? should also store a direction with it in
	that case. also, global gravity may be a world option.
	no, per-block gravity vector is most probably too expensive.
	better have the chunks store a few point masses (maybe blocks that
	emit gravitation?) and calculate from that

block attributes

	when blocks are not just a solid rock of color, attributes may
	become interesting. like labels on signs and contents of
	containers

chunk traversal

	maybe the chunk loader should keep an index of interesting, if not
	all chunks by position, possibly base-relative

	profiling indicates that this is not neccessary atm. maybe it will
	when there's some more action in the world

transparency (blocks and entities)

	transparent blocks because awesome

world generator that is not boring

	maybe divide into biomes and add special features like
	settlements, ruins, all kinds of interesting stuff

entity/world collision

	first draft of entity/world collision is implemented
	it jitters and has some surprising behaviour
	finding a spawn point which doesn't put entities in solids is
	now a little more crucial. press N if you're in trouble

better noise

	current simplex noise implementation repeats itself pretty quickly
