block placement/removal timers

	removal timing depending on the tool/block combination
	animation for remove

composite entity animations

	complex entities are made up of parts which have their own local
	transform that can be animated (like e.g. an arm or head)

font rendering

	with background now being a thing, a padding might be nice
	that or maybe separate bg from fg rendering

	it may also be feasible to get rid of SDL_ttf and use freetype
	directly to eliminate the unneccessary surface creation
	ftgl might also be worth looking at

command line

	useful for development and later on world administration

persistence

	merge IO counters, so number of operations per frame is kept
	low, no matter what exactly is done

	store some kind of byte order mark?

networking

	write tests
	do some manual testing
	some more testing
	a little optimization

launcher ui

	select or create a world with configurable parameters

entity ai

	pathfinding, obstacle avoidance, better turning behaviour

(block) lighting

	occlusion/neighbor light mixing is implemented, but still linear
	this could be solved by using a pre-interpolated light texture and
	mapping light levels to coordinates on that

	also: how could block light affect entity lighting?
	maybe get the interpolated light level at the entity's center and use
	that as the light power for the directional lighting shader and use a
	direction that's fixed relative to the camera?

	there's a bug where a chunk's model is not updated if its neighbor
	changes border light levels
	I kinda mitigated it a little for direct neighbors during linking, but
	it still can happen in (hopefully) rare corner cases

	propagation through semi-filled blocks is wonky. I worked around it by
	having the light propagate into solid blocks, but feels like this
	could cause some weird behaviours

gravity

	maybe like light levels? should also store a direction with it in
	that case. also, global gravity may be a world option.
	no, per-block gravity vector is most probably too expensive.
	better have the chunks store a few point masses (maybe blocks that
	emit gravitation?) and calculate from that

block attributes

	when blocks are not just a solid rock of color, attributes may
	become interesting. like labels on signs and contents of
	containers

transparency (blocks and entities)

	transparent blocks because awesome

world generator that is not boring

	well, it's different
	still needs way more block types and structure generation
	a minimum distance from origin could be interesting as well, to ensure
	the spawn vicinity doesn't contain bloks with would be useless at the
	beginning (if there even is such a thing), also it would encourage
	exploration
	biomes seem too small, maybe that will become easier to tune when
	there's a little more diversity between them

entity/world collision

	first draft of entity/world collision is implemented
	it jitters and has some surprising behaviour

spawning

	need a way to find a suitable location to spawn new players in
	I imagine a "random block" function of ChunkIndex could be nice
	(also for use with the AI spawner)
	also, finding a spawn position for a player must no fail. after a
	certain number of tries, the world must change to safely accomodate
	the player.
	chunk generation could be adjusted to make a little more room near the
	origin (since that's where the usual spawn point will be), but that's
	not strictly necessary and might overcomplicate the generation
	if all fails, the spawner has to modify the world
	how much space has to be cleared and how to make sure the spawning
	space connects to "open space" I don't know yet, it's all a little
	fuzzy anyway

sprite/particle system

	these could help make the world seem more alive

server

	fix segfault at disconnect
